[filebeat][ABS] - Relax content-type restrictions along with some basic cleanup and refactor (#44583)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-azure-blob-storage.md

The Azure Blob Storage APIs don’t provide a direct way to filter files based on timestamp, so the input will download all the files and then filter them based on the timestamp. This can cause a bottleneck in processing if the number of files are very high. It is recommended to use this attribute only when the number of files are limited or ample resources are available.

> ## `custom_properties` [attrib-custom-properties]

Reviewer: ISTM that this should not be `custom_properties`; there is no field or attribute of that name, which is what this formatting suggests exists.

Reviewer: Can you not just remove the code quotes and underscore, and then capitalise custom?

Author: yea sure I can do that but it will look out of place in the parent list: 
```
1. [account_name](#attrib-account-name)
2. [auth.oauth2](#attrib-auth-oauth2)
3. [auth.shared_credentials.account_key](#attrib-auth-shared-account-key)
4. [auth.connection_string.uri](#attrib-auth-connection-string)
5. [storage_url](#attrib-storage-url)
6. [containers](#attrib-containers)
7. [name](#attrib-container-name)
8. [max_workers](#attrib-max_workers)
9. [poll](#attrib-poll)
10. [poll_interval](#attrib-poll_interval)
11. [file_selectors](#attrib-file_selectors)
12. [expand_event_list_from_field](#attrib-expand_event_list_from_field)
13. [timestamp_epoch](#attrib-timestamp_epoch)
14. [Custom  properties](#attrib-custom-properties)
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with @efd6 here. Let's remove backticks and format as "Custom properties"

> ## `Custom Properties` [attrib-custom-properties]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## `Custom properties` [attrib-custom-properties]
```

All headings should use sentence casing. Please apply the change elsewhere, too.

Reviewer 2: I would remove code font in the heading. As for titles, see https://brand.elastic.co/302f66895/p/194a3b-writing-style-guide/b/3874e3/t/d3e8c056ae

Author: @theletterf , @efd6 removed the code font and updated PR.

> Some blob properties can be `set` or `overridden` at the input level with the help of certain configuration options. Allowing users to set/override custom blob properties provides more flexibility when reading blobs from a remote storage where the user might only have read access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some blob properties can be `set` or `overridden` at the input level with the help of certain configuration options. Allowing users to set or override custom blob properties provides more flexibility when reading blobs from a remote storage where the user might only have read access.
```

> The currently supported `custom_properties` are :-  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The currently supported custom properties are:
```
though I notice that this form (" :-") is used elsewhere in this input's documentation (also GCS).

> **The currently supported custom properties are:**  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**The supported custom properties are:**  
```

1. [content_type](#attrib-content-type)

> 2. [encoding](#attrib-encoding)

Author: Why so ? The parent list currently does not use quotes so doing this here will make it inconsistent with the list structure used.

> 2. [encoding](#attrib-encoding)

Reviewer: Because these are concrete fields.

## `content_type` [attrib-content-type]

> This configuration attribute can be used to set a user-defined `content_type` for the blob property. Setting a custom `content_type` will only set the `content-type` property of a blob if it's missing/empty. If you want to override an already existing `content-type` value, you will need to set the `override_content_type` flag to `true`. These attributes can be defined at the `root` or `container` level in the configuration. Container level definitions will always take precedence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `content_type` configuration attribute to set a user-defined content type for the blob property. Setting a custom content type only sets the `content-type` property of a blob if it's missing or empty. If you want to override an already existing `content-type` value, set the `override_content_type` flag to `true`. You can define these attributes at the `root` or `container` level in the configuration. Container level definitions always take precedence.
```

I'm assuming here that `content_type` and `content-type` are different.

> **Example Configuration:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example configuration
```

> **At root level**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a sample configuration at root level:

```

```yaml
filebeat.inputs:
- type: azure-blob-storage
  id: my-azureblobstorage-id
  enabled: true
  account_name: some_account
  auth.shared_credentials.account_key: some_key
  content_type: `application/x-gzip`
  override_content_type: true
  containers:
  - name: container_1
```

> **At container level**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a sample configuration at container level:

```

```yaml
filebeat.inputs:
- type: azure-blob-storage
  id: my-azureblobstorage-id
  enabled: true
  account_name: some_account
  auth.shared_credentials.account_key: some_key
  containers:
  - name: container_1
    content_type: `application/x-gzip`
    override_content_type: true
```

> ## `encoding` [attrib-encoding]
> This configuration attribute can be used to set a user-defined `encoding` for the blob property. Setting a custom `encoding` will only set the `encoding` property of a blob if it's missing/empty. If you want to override an already existing `encoding` value, you will need to set the `override_encoding` flag to `true`. These attributes can be defined at the `root` or `container` level in the configuration. Container level definitions will always take precedence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## `encoding` [attrib-encoding]

Use the `encoding` configuration attribute to set a user-defined encoding for the blob property. Setting a custom encoding only sets the `encoding` property of a blob if it's missing or empty. If you want to override an already existing encoding value, set the `override_encoding` flag to `true`. You can define these attributes at the `root` or `container` level in the configuration. Container level definitions always take precedence.
```

> **Example Configuration:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example configuration
```

**At root level**
```yaml
filebeat.inputs:
- type: azure-blob-storage
  id: my-azureblobstorage-id
  enabled: true
  account_name: some_account
  auth.shared_credentials.account_key: some_key
  encoding: `gzip`
  override_encoding: true
  containers:
  - name: container_1
```

> **At container level**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a sample configuration at container level:

```

```yaml
filebeat.inputs:
- type: azure-blob-storage
  id: my-azureblobstorage-id
  enabled: true
  account_name: some_account
  auth.shared_credentials.account_key: some_key
  containers:
  - name: container_1
    encoding: `gzip`
    override_encoding: true
```

::::{note}

> The custom property configurations are bounded by the current input restrictions. For example, you can set an unsupported content-type or encoding but the input will reject it and report an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Custom property configurations are affected by input restrictions. For example, you can set an unsupported content-type or encoding but the input will reject it and report an error.
```

> The custom property configurations are bounded by the current input restrictions. For example, you can set an unsupported content-type or encoding but the input will reject it and throw an appropriate error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom property configurations are bounded by the current input restrictions. For example, you can set an unsupported content-type or encoding but the input will reject it and report an error.
```
